Related Studies

Gaming

I.

According to Sarigoz, O. (2019). Augmented reality, virtual reality and digital games: A
research on teacher candidates. Educational Policy Analysis and Strategic Research,
14(3), 41-63. doi: 10.29329/epasr.2019.208.3. Depending on the gender indicator in the
responses among the prospective teachers who took part in the study on the use of
digital educational games Scale; there was no statistically significant difference in
opinions about the affective component, perceived usefulness, perceived control, and
overall scale of using digital educational resources. games. This demonstrates that
teacher candidates' opinions were considered during the digital research. Educational
video games are identical or comparable. But it was determined that there was a
substantial contrasting views among teacher applicants in the study, favoring women,
from the behavioral components sub-dimension responses. Positive behavioral
components are those. behaviors that show a want to participate and a reluctance to
play the game. Therefore, it is inferred from the research findings and interviews with
female teacher candidates that female Compared to male teacher applicants, teacher
candidates are less hesitant to play educational video games. Parallel to the scale
replies of the teacher applicants, the teacher candidates Highlight the fact that students
can learn about the digital games themselves. In this regard, a teacher candidate Said
‘Learning the content of educational games is not difficult. When I examine a game, I
can also learn about what needs to be learned on this subject…’. Despite the fact that
some instructors' concerns about digital educational games have been validated by
research, Teacher candidates believe that they can use digital educational games to
produce successful results using a scale. results for learning. Regarding this finding, a
teacher candidate said, ‘Digital educational games may have dangerous and
problematic points. However, when used correctly, it can provide positive environments
for learning to take place. Students can learn more easily and quickly…’. According to
the findings of this study, these games boost the learner's motivation and engagement.
provide a comfortable learning environment for the learner.